halladay I'm velocity bar with some of
the stories making the headlines on
al-jazeera there's been an outpouring of
emotion as South Africa mourns the loss
of Nelson Mandela the anti-apartheid
leader died at his home in Johannesburg
on Thursday aged 95 her on Tasha has
more millions of South Africans willing
to be able to attend the state funeral
of the fifteenth of December but they
say they plan to say farewell to Nelson
Mandela in their own way they say
they're going to line the streets all
across South Africa and say farewell to
Tata Madiba farewell to the father of
the nation and thank you for making
South Africa what it is today and Nelson
Mandela's also being honored in towns
and cities across the world in London
the gates outside the South African High
Commission had been turned into a shrine
to his memory the anti-apartheid
movement was set up in London by south
african exiles tools to feed the country
and the UK was for many years at the
center of activism in support of Mandela
the Red Cross says at least 300 people
have been killed during two days of
violence in the Central African Republic
African leaders are meeting in Paris for
a security summit thousands of people
have fled to the airport in the capital
bhangi from where nasty mushy ree has
the latest now the French have sent a
fighter plane which flew low over the
city in a way to try to intimidate both
celica and also anti-balaka fighters but
the big question is when will these
people be able to go home will they want
to go home more than a hundred people
have been killed here in the past few
days in the situation outside bhangi is
also very unstable and over here you can
always watch al-jazeera online go to our
website aljazeera.com and click on the
watch now icon those were the headlines
I'm felicity bar thanks for watching bye
you